project_setup/update_versions.md, before:

## Update versions

The Platform and Probase should have the latest patch versions and they should match. Ensure that the platform is on the latest patch and then double check that the Probase is also on the latest

### Update version of Platform
- Run `git branch` which will provide the platform version being used.
- Alternatively, the 'package.json' file will list the version.
- Run `git fetch` which will fetch the changes
- Run `git tag | grep v0.0` to list all branches and find the latest one. Alternatively, go to <https://github.com/i-Sight/isight_main_v5_beta> and search tags for the latest version.
- Run `git checkout <v0.0.0>`
- Run `git submodule update --init --recursive`
- Run `yarn`
- Run `make docker-up`
- Run `yarn link`

### Update version of project Probase
- Find version being used by looking at the `platform.version` file.
- Make sure to have the probase configured as 'base' by running `git remote -v`
	- If not configured, Add the 'pro base' as 'base' in order to pull updates if required later on by running `git remote add base git@github.com:i-Sight/config_pro_base_v5.git`
- Run `git fetch base`
- Run `git merge base/v5.x.x`

***
[Table of Contents](../README.md)

Commit message:

Clarify updating project pro base version

project_setup/update_versions.md, after:

## Update versions

The Platform and Probase should have the latest patch versions and they should match. Ensure that the platform is on the latest patch and then double check that the Probase is also on the latest

### Update version of Platform
- Run `git branch` which will provide the platform version being used.
- Alternatively, the 'package.json' file will list the version.
- Run `git fetch` which will fetch the changes
- Run `git tag | grep v0.0` to list all branches and find the latest one. Alternatively, go to <https://github.com/i-Sight/isight_main_v5_beta> and search tags for the latest version.
- Run `git checkout <v0.0.0>`
- Run `git submodule update --init --recursive`
- Run `yarn`
- Run `make docker-up`
- Run `yarn link`

### Update version of project Probase ** only works for platform version ^5.0.x
- Find most up to date pro base version by going to `https://github.com/i-Sight/config_pro_base_v5`
	- Select the branch that corresponds to the version required (ex: v4.0.x)
	- Click on the 'platform.version' or 'package.json' files to find the latest patch version.
- Find version being used by looking at the `platform.version` file.
- Make sure to have the probase configured as 'base' by running `git remote -v`
	- If not configured, Add the 'pro base' as 'base' in order to pull updates if required later on by running `git remote add base git@github.com:i-Sight/config_pro_base_v5.git`
- Run `git fetch base`
- Run `git merge base/v5.x.x`

***
[Table of Contents](../README.md)
