README.md, before:

# notes

This repository is intended to be a notebook for work-related notes.

## Project Setup
- [Setup new project](./project_setup/setup_new_project.md)
- [Setup new platform locally](./project_setup/setup_new_platform_locally.md)
- [Change project](./project_setup/change_project.md)
- [Working with GitHub](./project_setup/working_with_github.md)
- [Update versions](./project_setup/update_versions.md)
- [Product generator](./project_setup/product-generator.md)

## Programming in the App
- [Extend platform file](./programing_app/extend_platform_file.md)
- [Adding sub section](./programing_app/adding_sub_section.md)
- [Suggested Links](./programing_app/suggested_links.md)

## Docker/deploying
- [Deploy to UAT - Jenkins](./docker_deploy/deploy_to_UAT_jenkins.md)
- [Deploy to Prod - Jenkins](./docker_deploy/deploy_to_Prod_jenkins.md)
- [Docker general](./docker_deploy/docker_general.md)
- [Dockerize Node.js](./docker_deploy/dockerize_nodejs.md)
- [Linking containers](./docker_deploy/network_containers.md)
- [Docker compose](./docker_deploy/docker_compose.md)
- [Accessing Azure](./docker_deploy/access_azure.md)

## Database
- [Database dump and restore](./database/db_dump_restore.md)
- [Migrations general](./database/migrations_general.md)

## FTP
- [Logging onto FTP](./ftp/logging_onto_ftp.md)

## Vim
- [SpaceVim Setup](./vim/spacevim_setup.md)

Commit message:

Update README file + add vulnerability patch notes

README.md, after:

# notes

This repository is intended to be a notebook for work-related notes.

## Project Setup
- [Setup new project](./project_setup/setup_new_project.md)
- [Setup new platform locally](./project_setup/setup_new_platform_locally.md)
- [Change project](./project_setup/change_project.md)
- [Working with GitHub](./project_setup/working_with_github.md)
- [Update versions](./project_setup/update_versions.md)
- [Product generator](./project_setup/product-generator.md)

## Programming in the App
- [Extend platform file](./programing_app/extend_platform_file.md)
- [Adding sub section](./programing_app/adding_sub_section.md)
- [Suggested Links](./programing_app/suggested_links.md)
- [Integration Changes](./programing_app/integration_change.md)
- [fall_2019_patch Vulnerability](./programing_app/fall_2019_patch_vulnerability.md)

## Docker/deploying
- [Deploy to UAT - Jenkins](./docker_deploy/deploy_to_UAT_jenkins.md)
- [Deploy to Prod - Jenkins](./docker_deploy/deploy_to_Prod_jenkins.md)
- [Deploy to UAT - Nscale](./docker_deploy/deploy_to_UAT_nscale.md)
- [Deploy to Prod - Nscale](./docker_deploy/deploy_to_Prod_nscale.md)
- [Docker general](./docker_deploy/docker_general.md)
- [Dockerize Node.js](./docker_deploy/dockerize_nodejs.md)
- [Linking containers](./docker_deploy/network_containers.md)
- [Docker compose](./docker_deploy/docker_compose.md)
- [Accessing Azure](./docker_deploy/access_azure.md)

## Database
- [Database dump and restore](./database/db_dump_restore.md)
- [Migrations general](./database/migrations_general.md)

## FTP
- [Logging onto FTP](./ftp/logging_onto_ftp.md)

## Vim
- [SpaceVim Setup](./vim/spacevim_setup.md)
