deploy/deploy_to_Prod_nscale.md, before:

## Deploy to Prod - nscale

It is good practice to `make build` the night before the push, and then `make deploy` in the morning during the prod push window.

### Deployment process [Azure]
- To log into bastion1, run `ssh -i ~/.ssh/azure <username>@cec-dmz-bastion1.eastus.cloudapp.azure.com`
- To log into nscale, run `ssh cexadministrator@CEC-MGMT-NSCALE006`
  - The password can be found on pleasant under Root > IT > Azure > Azure East US > NSCALE > PROD/UAT
- Clone the nscale config master branch into the project folder <https://github.com/i-Sight/nscale-config>
- Run `make setup`
- See Nnamdi's notes for an example of all the changes that need to be changed <https://github.com/CEXNIbe/ReadMe/wiki/Azure-NScale-Version-1-Setup>
  - Edit 'sys-config.json' file with the proper name, namespace and id in the system object. The 'id' needs to be a unique id. Search online for UUID generator and use a newly generated id.
  - Edit the server tag in the server object and update the path to the github repository.
- After editing the file, quit out of the two vim windows which brings you to 'config.js'
  - Paste in the two lines from Nnamdi's notes
- Next, run `vim makefile` and change the 'ENV' field to 'Prod'
- Run `make validate`
- Run `nscacle system list`
- Run `make link`
- Run `nscacle system list` and now we should see the app at the end of the list
- Run `make compile`
- Copy the keys from another project in the `cp -R ../<old_project_name>/workspace/config_<old_project_name>_v5/keys/ ./workspace/config_<project_name>_v5/keys` 
  - Create a temp directory (see Nnamdi's notes) and run the commands after changing the variables in the names. Run the first 3 first, then the second 3.
  - Run `cd ../` and run `ls` to ee that the files were copied.
  - Once done, delete the temp directory
- Now edit the 'sever.env' file
- Run `df -h` to ensure there is enough space on nscale
- Run `make build`
- When it's done building, run `make preview` to see if it looks good
- Then, run `make deploy` (confirm UAT/Prod)

- Log into the service box and run the make commands
- Go into the service box and run `docker ps` and get the CONTAINER ID and run `docker logs -f <container_id>`

### Yellowfin
- For the 5.x apps, refer to Nnamdi's notes here: <https://github.com/CEXNIbe/ReadMe/wiki/v5-Yellowfin-Setup>
- For the 4.x apps, refer to Nnamdi's notes here: <https://github.com/CEXNIbe/ReadMe/wiki/Yellowfin-Setup-(7.3)>

### Re-deployment [Azure]
- To log into bastion1, run `ssh -i ~/.ssh/azure <username>@cec-dmz-bastion1.eastus.cloudapp.azure.com`
- To log into nscale, run `ssh cexadministrator@CEC-MGMT-NSCALE006`
  - The password can be found on pleasant under Root > IT > Azure > Azure East US > NSCALE > PROD/UAT
- Navigate to the project directory `cd deploy/<project_name>`
- Check how much space there is left, run `df -h` (confirm enough space available)
- Run `vim sys-config.json` and change the version number to match the one in the project (and github master)
- Run `make compile`
- See below about changing environment variables
- Run `cat workspace/config_<project_name>_v5/package.json` to confirm that the right release number was compiled
- Check slack channel to make sure no one else is building and to inform other that you're building
- Run `make build` to build the containers/app
- When it's done building, run `make preview` to see if it looks good
- Then, run `make deploy` (confirm UAT/Prod)
- Run `make check` to ensure that no deviation between containers on service box

- Navigate to the project directory `cd deploy/<project_name>`
- Go into service box, run `make ssh`
- Run `docker ps` to verify that the containers are all running
  - Run `./container-run.sh make migrate DISABLE_DB_BACKUP=true`
  - Run `./container-run.sh make sync-picklists` [OPTIONAL]
  - Run `./container-run.sh make sync-translations` [OPTIONAL]
  - Run `./container-run.sh make sync-picklists` [OPTIONAL]
- Navigate to project url (<project_name>.isight.com)

### Re-deployment [AWS]
- To log into bastion1, run `ssh -i key_name cex_user_name@ec2-34-214-84-10.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com`
  - A bash alias called `aws` runs the above command with the username
- To log into 'Nscale Prod', run `ssh cexnscaleprodadmin@ip-172-31-28-140.us-west-2.compute.internal`
  - The password can be found on pleasant under Root > Pro > Environments > AWS > PAT/PRD/UAT > 'Nscale Stage'


***
[Table of Contents](../README.md)

Commit message:

Add finalize prod setup notes

deploy/deploy_to_Prod_nscale.md, after:

## Deploy to Prod - nscale

It is good practice to `make build` the night before the push, and then `make deploy` in the morning during the prod push window.

### Final prod push
Once prod is finalized and ready to go to support and the customer starts using the app, the following steps need to be carried out:
- Remove the isight2 account in the database by running the following sql command: `UPDATE sys_user SET deleted_date=now(), sys_active=false WHERE nick='isight2';`
- Update the isight account password to `C3xlabadmin!`

### Deployment process [Azure]
- To log into bastion1, run `ssh -i ~/.ssh/azure <username>@cec-dmz-bastion1.eastus.cloudapp.azure.com`
- To log into nscale, run `ssh cexadministrator@CEC-MGMT-NSCALE006`
  - The password can be found on pleasant under Root > IT > Azure > Azure East US > NSCALE > PROD/UAT
- Clone the nscale config master branch into the project folder <https://github.com/i-Sight/nscale-config>
- Run `make setup`
- See Nnamdi's notes for an example of all the changes that need to be changed <https://github.com/CEXNIbe/ReadMe/wiki/Azure-NScale-Version-1-Setup>
  - Edit 'sys-config.json' file with the proper name, namespace and id in the system object. The 'id' needs to be a unique id. Search online for UUID generator and use a newly generated id.
  - Edit the server tag in the server object and update the path to the github repository.
- After editing the file, quit out of the two vim windows which brings you to 'config.js'
  - Paste in the two lines from Nnamdi's notes
- Next, run `vim makefile` and change the 'ENV' field to 'Prod'
- Run `make validate`
- Run `nscacle system list`
- Run `make link`
- Run `nscacle system list` and now we should see the app at the end of the list
- Run `make compile`
- Copy the keys from another project in the `cp -R ../<old_project_name>/workspace/config_<old_project_name>_v5/keys/ ./workspace/config_<project_name>_v5/keys` 
  - Create a temp directory (see Nnamdi's notes) and run the commands after changing the variables in the names. Run the first 3 first, then the second 3.
  - Run `cd ../` and run `ls` to ee that the files were copied.
  - Once done, delete the temp directory
- Now edit the 'sever.env' file
- Run `df -h` to ensure there is enough space on nscale
- Run `make build`
- When it's done building, run `make preview` to see if it looks good
- Then, run `make deploy` (confirm UAT/Prod)

- Log into the service box and run the make commands
- Go into the service box and run `docker ps` and get the CONTAINER ID and run `docker logs -f <container_id>`

### Yellowfin
- For the 5.x apps, refer to Nnamdi's notes here: <https://github.com/CEXNIbe/ReadMe/wiki/v5-Yellowfin-Setup>
- For the 4.x apps, refer to Nnamdi's notes here: <https://github.com/CEXNIbe/ReadMe/wiki/Yellowfin-Setup-(7.3)>

### Re-deployment [Azure]
- To log into bastion1, run `ssh -i ~/.ssh/azure <username>@cec-dmz-bastion1.eastus.cloudapp.azure.com`
- To log into nscale, run `ssh cexadministrator@CEC-MGMT-NSCALE006`
  - The password can be found on pleasant under Root > IT > Azure > Azure East US > NSCALE > PROD/UAT
- Navigate to the project directory `cd deploy/<project_name>`
- Check how much space there is left, run `df -h` (confirm enough space available)
- Run `vim sys-config.json` and change the version number to match the one in the project (and github master)
- Run `make compile`
- See below about changing environment variables
- Run `cat workspace/config_<project_name>_v5/package.json` to confirm that the right release number was compiled
- Check slack channel to make sure no one else is building and to inform other that you're building
- Run `make build` to build the containers/app
- When it's done building, run `make preview` to see if it looks good
- Then, run `make deploy` (confirm UAT/Prod)
- Run `make check` to ensure that no deviation between containers on service box

- Navigate to the project directory `cd deploy/<project_name>`
- Go into service box, run `make ssh`
- Run `docker ps` to verify that the containers are all running
  - Run `./container-run.sh make migrate DISABLE_DB_BACKUP=true`
  - Run `./container-run.sh make sync-picklists` [OPTIONAL]
  - Run `./container-run.sh make sync-translations` [OPTIONAL]
  - Run `./container-run.sh make sync-picklists` [OPTIONAL]
- Navigate to project url (<project_name>.isight.com)

### Re-deployment [AWS]
- To log into bastion1, run `ssh -i key_name cex_user_name@ec2-34-214-84-10.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com`
  - A bash alias called `aws` runs the above command with the username
- To log into 'Nscale Prod', run `ssh cexnscaleprodadmin@ip-172-31-28-140.us-west-2.compute.internal`
  - The password can be found on pleasant under Root > Pro > Environments > AWS > PAT/PRD/UAT > 'Nscale Stage'


***
[Table of Contents](../README.md)
