deploy/deploy_to_UAT_jenkins.md, before:

## Deploy to UAT - Jenkins

Open Word document from IT ticket for the project. It can be found in your emails by searching the project name. IT would have created the environment. Click on "View ticket" which will take you to the service desk where you can view the word document.

### Deployment process
- log into Jenkins
- navigate to Team Pro > non-Prod (UAT)
- find and click on the project name
- click on `<name>-uat-deploy-v1.0`
- click on 'Build with Parameters' from left navigation pane
- Fill in these fields:
	- SAFETY_CHECK: The 'DBASE' INTERNAL IP address (from Word doc)
	- DESCRIPTION: Provide description ex: Initial deploy
	- GIT_TAG: Choose tag for release version (ex. v1.0.0)
	- BYPASSS_TAG: if checked, Jenkins will not create a release tag and GIT_BRANCH will need to be specified.
	- GIT_BRANCH: Only needs to be specified if BYPASSS_TAG is unchecked. Set it to 'master'.
	- TASK: 'Other'
	- POSTRUN_SCRIPT: See notes below
- Click 'Build' once all information is inputted.
- Click on project name in the path banner
- Click on `<project_name>-uat-deploy-<version>` tab to see deploy progress.
- Once deploy is complete, navigate to the UAT URL and test the app.
- In Jira, mark the ticket 'Ready for QA'

### Re-deployment
Somethings are different if redeploying to UAT.
- Log into Jenkins
- navigate to Team Pro > non-Prod (UAT)
- Choose the project to be deployed and click on the 'Name'
- Click on on project
- Click 'Rebuild Last' on left navigation bar
- Change fields that you want to change (i.e. GIT_TAG)
- Click 'Rebuild' once all information is inputted.
- Click on project name in the path banner
- Click on `<project_name>-uat-deploy-<version>` tab to see deploy progress.
- Once deploy is complete, navigate to the UAT URL and test the app.
- In Jira, mark the ticket 'Ready for QA'

### Notes on releases
- In github repo, click on 'releases'
***

### Round 1 - POSTRUN_SCRIPT
```
export NODE_ENV=development
make breakdown
make setup
make create-sample-users
```

### Round 2 - POSTRUN_SCRIPT
```
export NODE_ENV=development
make users-export
make breakdown
make setup
make create-sample-users
make users-import
```

***
[Table of Contents](../README.md)

Commit message:

Revise wording of jenkins deployment notes and add SSO notes

deploy/deploy_to_UAT_jenkins.md, after:

## Deploy to UAT - Jenkins

Open Word document from IT ticket for the project. It can be found in your emails by searching the project name. IT would have created the environment. Click on "View ticket" which will take you to the service desk where you can view the word document.

### Deployment process
- log into Jenkins
- navigate to Team Pro > non-Prod (UAT)
- find and click on the project name
- click on `<name>-uat-deploy-v1.0`
- click on 'Build with Parameters' from left navigation pane
- Fill in these fields:
	- SAFETY_CHECK: The 'DBASE' INTERNAL IP address (from Word doc)
	- DESCRIPTION: Provide description ex: Initial deploy
	- GIT_TAG: provide tag for release version (ex. v1.0.0)
	- BYPASSS_TAG: un-check box.
	- GIT_BRANCH: Set this to 'master'.
	- TASK: 'Other'
	- POSTRUN_SCRIPT: See notes below
- Click 'Build' once all information is inputted.
- Click on project name in the path banner
- Click on `<project_name>-uat-deploy-<version>` tab to see deploy progress.
- Once deploy is complete, navigate to the UAT URL and test the app.
- In Jira, mark the ticket 'Ready for QA'

### Re-deployment
Somethings are different if redeploying to UAT.
- Log into Jenkins
- navigate to Team Pro > non-Prod (UAT)
- Choose the project to be deployed and click on the 'Name'
- Click on on project
- Click 'Rebuild Last' on left navigation bar
- Change fields that you want to change (i.e. GIT_TAG)
- Click 'Rebuild' once all information is inputted.
- Click on project name in the path banner
- Click on `<project_name>-uat-deploy-<version>` tab to see deploy progress.
- Once deploy is complete, navigate to the UAT URL and test the app.
- In Jira, mark the ticket 'Ready for QA'

### Notes on releases
- In github repo, click on 'releases'
***

### Round 1 - POSTRUN_SCRIPT
```
export NODE_ENV=development
make breakdown
make setup
make create-sample-users
```

### Round 2 - POSTRUN_SCRIPT
```
export NODE_ENV=development
make users-export
make breakdown
make setup
make create-sample-users
make users-import
```

***
[Table of Contents](../README.md)
